
This project requires the development of a web-application system 
for the event company Pinnacle Crew. Pinnacle have been specializing 
in providing crew for corporate events. They have systems and tools 
in place for maintaining their business but are missing valuable 
features meaning they don’t currently have a system that can 
efficiently maintain organisation of the employed crew within 
their company. The system currently in use is a simple SMS system, 
which is not convenient from the crew's perspective. 
The current system functions in the following way: 
The admin (officer) sends an SMS to each crew member 
detailing: Job Number, Date, Time, Required Amount of 
Crew, Shift Duration, Client’s Company Name, Contact Number on site, 
Additional Notes. When the crew receive the message, the user must reply with 
'YES' or 'NO' and supply the job number ID. The confirmation, if the crew member 
is assigned to the job, is called 'CREW LIST'. 
This is sent usually 24h before starting the job. 
The crew list consists of all the information about 
the job, phone numbers and names of all the members 
which they have been assigned to the specific job. The idea 
for the new system is to substitute the current inconvenient 
system to web-application where crew members can effectively 
communicate with the office about the jobs. The employers also 
will see the details about the jobs, their details etc. 

The system will be developed using the following technologies:
 - Spring Boot (Java) 
- MySQL
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Bootstrap
- React JS


1.1 Project topic and rationale
Provide an overview of the project topic you are working on, explain the project’s motivation, why 
it is interesting, useful and what the problem in hands and challenges are.
1.2 Project Aims and Objectives
List the project aims and objectives, and a concise description where appropriate.
1.3 Methodology
Outline how you carried out the project (e.g., by using a Unified Process for system development).
1.4 The report structure
Give a description of how the remaining part of the report is organised and what each chapter is about.



Project topic and rationale

The project topic is a web aplication called Crew Logsistic System. 
The projects motivation is that I am acctually working for the Pinnacle Crew. 
During work at the company I have reallized what are the problems. 
I have decided to develop a web application to solve the problems.


The software is designed to help the company Pinnacle Crew to manage their crew members and jobs.
The project is interesting because it is a real life project 
and it is a good opportunity to learn how to develop a web application.
The problem in hands is that the company Pinnacle Crew is using a SMS system to manage their crew members and jobs.
The jobs are events that the company is organizing and the crew members are the people that are working on the events.
The admin sends jobs to specific crew members. 
The crew members have to confirm or reject by doing speciifc action in the app.


The usufulness of the app is that it will help the company to manage their crew members and jobs more efficiently.
